docs: Search Metadata Batch 02 (#14589)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/security/security-models/core.mdx

---
layout: docs

> page_title: Security Models: Consul Core

Reviewer: It seems weird to refer to a titled entity called "Consul Core" here and nowhere else.

Maybe this should just be
```suggestion
page_title: Security Models: Consul
```

description: >-

> The security model for Consul Core details requirements and recommendations for securing access to your network. Learn about potential threats and how to protect Consul from malicious actors.

Reviewer: AFAIK this page doesn't cover general network access recommendations, only those specific to Consul.
```suggestion
The security model for Consul Core details requirements and recommendations for securing your deployment of Consul. Learn about potential threats and how to protect Consul from malicious actors.
```
